(prey) Update guidance for passing an API Key (#2677)
chocolatey/chocolatey-coreteampackages: automatic/prey/README.md

## Notes

> - To pass your `API_KEY` you can use `choco install prey -y -ia "API_KEY=foobar123`

Reviewer: The suggestion for Chocolatey is to use `"'<string>'"` when passing things to Chocolatey from PowerShell. This has the greatest chance of passing strings in completely with quoting, and is likely what was initially intended.

```suggestion
- To pass your `API_KEY` you can use `choco install prey -y -ia "'API_KEY=foobar123'"`
```
